Update responses docs (#6722)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/docs/responses.mdx

id: responses
sidebar_label: Responses
title: Responses

> abstract: Responses are messages that your assistant sends to the user. A response
>  is typically a text, but it can include other content like images and buttons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
abstract: Responses are messages that your assistant sends to the user. A response
 is usually only text, but can also include content like images and buttons.
```

---
## Defining Responses

Responses go under the `responses` key in your [domain](./domain.mdx) file. Start each
response name with `utter_`.

Here is an example of a domain file with two responses called `utter_greet` and `utter_bye`:

```yaml-rasa {4-8} title="domain.yml"
intents:
  - greet

responses:
  utter_greet:
  - text: "Hi there!"
  utter_bye:
  - text: "See you!"
```

If you use [retrieval actions](./retrieval-actions.mdx), make sure you define the responses 
for each retrieval action in your domain file, like in the following example:

```yaml-rasa
responses:
  utter_chitchat/ask_name:
  - text: Oh yeah, I am called the retrieval bot.

  utter_chitchat/ask_weather:
  - text: Oh, it does look sunny right now in Berlin.
```

:::note
Notice the special format of each retrieval action's name. The name starts with `utter_`, 
followed by the retrieval intent's name (here `chitchat`) and finally a suffix specifying 
the different response keys (here `ask_name` and `ask_weather`). See 
[Retrieval Actions](./retrieval-actions.mdx) and examples of 

> [retrieval intents](./training-data-format.mdx#training-examples) to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Retrieval Intents](./training-data-format.mdx#training-examples) to learn more.
```

Reviewer 2: Well, there is no page/section/subsection called Retrieval Intents (maybe there should be!), this is why I left it uncapitalised. @erohmensing should I still go ahead and make this capitalised for the sake of consistency?

Reviewer: Good point, keep it as is with now. I'll figure out what the standard on this should be and add it to our styleguide :)

:::

### Using Variables in Responses

You can use variables to insert information into responses.

> Within a response, a variable is enclosed in curly brackets, see the variable `name` below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within a response, a variable is enclosed in curly brackets. For example, see the variable `name` below:
```

```yaml-rasa {3} title="domain.yml"
responses:
  utter_greet:
  - text: "Hey, {name}. How are you?"
```

> Now, when the `utter_greet` response is used, Rasa automatically fills in the variable with the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `utter_greet` response is used, Rasa automatically fills in the variable with the 
```

### Response Variations

You can make your assistant's replies more interesting if you provide multiple response variations 
to choose from for a given response name:
```yaml-rasa {3-4} title="domain.yml"
responses:
  utter_greet:
  - text: "Hey, {name}. How are you?"
  - text: "Hey, {name}. How is your day going?"
```
In this example, when `utter_greet` gets predicted as the next action, Rasa will randomly pick one 

> of the two response variations and use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the two response variations to use.
```

### Channel-Specific Response Variations

To specify different response variations depending on which channel
the user is connected to, use channel-specific response variations.

In the following example, the `channel` key makes the first response variation channel-specific for 
the `slack` channel while the second variation is not channel-specific:

```yaml-rasa {4} title="domain.yml"
responses:
  utter_ask_game:
  - text: "Which game would you like to play on Slack?"
    channel: "slack"
  - text: "Which game would you like to play?"
```

:::note

> Make sure the value of the `channel` key matches the channel name used in your `credentials.yml` file.

Reviewer: I am actually not sure if this is the case 🤔  I think we want them to use the `name` returned by the input channel. In the case of existing connectors, those match, but in the case of a custom one, your credentials would have path.to.class.module instead of the name of the channel.

Reviewer 2: @erohmensing I know nothing about this, it's just that the original wording didn't make sense to me. Would you be able to suggest something that's technically correct and worded lightly?

Reviewer: Make sure the value of the `channel` key matches the value returned by the `name()` method of your input channel. If you are using a built-in channel, this value will also match the channel name used in your `credentials.yml` file. 

Does that make sense? ^

Reviewer: for example here https://github.com/RasaHQ/rasa/blob/master/rasa/core/channels/facebook.py#L26

Reviewer 2: Makes sense to me, thanks :-)

    - title: "super sad"
      payload: "/mood_sad"
```

Each button in the list of `buttons` should have two keys:
* `title`: The text displayed on the buttons that the user sees.
* `payload`: The message sent from the user to the assistant when the button is clicked.

:::note bypass nlu with buttons

> It's common to use buttons as a shortcut to bypass the ML-based NLU interpreter.

Reviewer: I wouldn't shorten ML here

Messages starting with `/` are sent straight to the
`RegexInterpreter`, which expects NLU input in a shortened `/intent{entities}` format.
In the example above, if the user clicks a button, the user input

> will be directly classified as either the `/mood_great` or `/mood_sad` intent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will be directly classified as either the `mood_great` or `mood_sad` intent.
```

> ### Custom Output Payloads

Reviewer: I think I would still include something about this getting sent to the output as JSON

            text: Select a date
```

## Using Responses in Conversations

### Calling Responses as Actions

So long as the name of the response starts with `utter_`, the response can
directly be used as an action. Say you have the following response in your domain:

```yaml-rasa title="domain.yml"
responses:
  utter_greet:
  - text: "Hey! How are you?"
```

You can use that same response as an action in your stories:

```yaml-rasa {5} title="stories.yml"
stories:
- story: greet user
  steps:
  - intent: greet
  - action: utter_greet
```

When `utter_greet` action runs, it will send the message from
the response back to the user.

> :::note

Reviewer: Let's give this note a name

If you want to change the text, or any other part of the response,
you need to retrain the assistant before these changes will be picked up.
:::

> ### Calling Responses from Custom Actions

Reviewer: Can we clarify this is using SDK and also show how to do it in another action server?
